Clarification of feature training (#2970)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/product-engineering/process/new-user-experience.md

From time to time, the Growth team will need to alter these user journeys to accommodate advances in product functionality.

> The scope of Growth's efforts should not extend to comprehensive training on individual product features, that would be up to the team that owns that feature.

Reviewer: I like the word comprehensive. What about this, "While comprehensive training on individual product features is the domain and responsibility of the team that owns that feature, Growth is a critical stakeholder and participant in developing artifacts for new users as part of their initial journey adopting Sourcegraph."

Reviewer: We should also probably remove Integrations from the header since the team is being split.

Author: Works for me, I've made that change.

> The scope of Growth's efforts should not extend to comprehensive training on individual product features, that would be up to the team that owns that feature.

Author: ```suggestion
While comprehensive training on individual product features is the domain and responsibility of the team that owns that feature, Growth is a critical stakeholder and participant in developing artifacts for new users as part of their initial journey in adopting Sourcegraph.
```
